Collect the study material that you want to generate a test exam for.
Recommended amount: 1 week worth of study material. Can be PDFs, text files or other text documents.

open https://gemini.google.com/app and log in with your google account.
In the bottom right of the chat (next to the microphone icon), you can select which ai model to use. If you have a subscription (recommended), select the "Pro" model. Otherwise, select the "Thinking" model. Do NOT select the "Fast" model!

in the same place that you found this text file in (that you are currently reading), there is a folder called "prompts". 

1. Open the folder and copy the contents of 1a.txt into the gemini chat, but do not send it yet.
Now drag and drop the study material files into the chat as well. (hint: for gemini, you can only upload 10 pdf files at once i think. if you have too many pdf files, you can use an online tool to merge them into a lower amount of smaller files instead, so you can still upload everything in one message.) After this, send the message and wait for the reply.

2. After you receive the reply from gemini, it should have written CONTENT_DATA for you. Copy this and save it for later. 
3. Copy the contents of 1b.txt into the same chat and send it.

4. Gemini should now have written a 2nd CONTENT_DATA for you. Copy this and save it for later, next to the first one. 
5. Important: Open a new chat with gemini now (make sure that the correct model is selected again, as you did in the beginning for the first chat).
6. Open file 2a.txt and copy it into the new chat. The text that you just copied contains the words "INSERT HERE". This is where you put both CONTENT_DATA texts that you saved from the first chat. Then send the message and wait for the reply. The output of gemini should contain a single (probably quite long) CONTENT_DATA object. This contains all the material for the interactive tutoring / exam.
7. Copy this CONTENT_DATA, open site.html with a text editor (not in the browser), go to line 646 (or you can search for "CONTENT_DATA" with Ctrl+F) and insert it there. Above line 646, you can see an example of what the structure should look like after you insert it.
8. Save the modified file and open it in your browser. Done! Don't forget to insert your api key on the top of the site, as explained in setup_steps.txt!
